\input texinfo
@iftex
@catcode`@#=6
@def@fref#1{@xrefX[#1,,@code{#1},,,]}
@def@b#1{{@bf@gt #1}}
@catcode`@#=@other
@end iftex
@overfullrule=0pt
@c -*-texinfo-*-
@comment %**start of header

@setfilename MMGLmanual

@settitle Mathematica Module for Graph Laplacians

@comment %**end of header
@comment %@setchapternewpage odd

@titlepage

@title Mathematica Module for Graph Laplacians
@subtitle MMGL User's Manual
@subtitle Version 1.2
@subtitle @today{}

@author  by Yoshihiro MIZOGUCHI, Kyushu University.
@table @t
@item Ver. 0.1
20 December 2010
@item Ver. 1.0
8 June 2012
@item Ver. 1.1
30 June 2013
@end table
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 2013 Kyushu University, All rights reserved.
@page
@end titlepage

@synindex vr fn

@node Top,, (dir), (dir)

@menu
* Introduction::
* Graph Partitioning::
* Special Graphs::
@c * Interpolations::
@c * Block Diagonalization::
* Index::
@end menu

@c ======================================================
@node Introduction,,Graph Partitioning, Top
@chapter Introduction

This is a Mathematica Module for analysing graphs,
especially using Laplacian Matrices of graphs.
This module depends on the Mathematica modules
"Combinatorica`" and "ComputationalGeometry`".

To use this package "GraphLaplacian`",
users should set a directory where the modules is stored.

@example
[Example]

SetDirectory[FileNameJoin[{$HomeDirectory, "--- Some Folder ---"}]];
<< GraphLaplacian`;
@end example

@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@noindent
This module was used and introduced in the followings:
@table @t
@item [1] 
K.K.K.R. Perera, Y. Mizoguchi,
@uref{http://j-mi.org/contents_file/contents_files/loader/0/Article/287/file/default/JMI2013A-8.pdf,Bipartition of graphs based on the normalized cut and spectral methods},
Part I: Minimum normalized cut,
Journal of Math-for-industory, Vol.5(2013A-8),pp.59-72.
@item [2]
Y. Mizoguchi,
Mathematical Aspects of Interpolation Technique for Computer Graphics,
Forum ``Math-for-Industry'' 2012, Information Recovery and Discovery,
22 October 2022. @uref{http://fmi2012.imi.kyushu-u.ac.jp/}
@item [3]
Mathematica Module for Graph Laplacians @* 
@uref{https://github.com/ymizoguchi/MathematicaGraphLaplacian.git}
@end table

@node Graph Partitioning,Special Graphs,Introduction, Top
@include GraphPartitioning.texi

@c @node Special Graphs,Interpolations,Graph Partitioning, Top
@node Special Graphs,Index,Graph Partitioning, Top
@include SpecialGraphs.texi

@c @node Interpolations,Block Diagonalization,Special Graphs, Top
@c @include Interpolations.texi

@c @node Block Diagonalizatin,,Interpolations, Top
@c @include BlockDiagonalization.texi

@c @node Index,,BlockDiagonalization, Top
@node Index,,Special Graphs, Top
@unnumbered Index

@printindex fn

@c @printindex cp
@c ky: @kindex, pg: @pindex, tp: @tindex
@iftex
@vfill @eject
@end iftex
@c @summarycontents
@contents
@bye


